0. Rules: There's some new files/folders, rules that have been added recently, so adjust to that. (with regard to Workshop folder, and it along with its subfolders/subfiles to be excluded from every being integrated into the site or GitHub repo, its only a local folder for me to experiment in)
1. Overall images: Some images may have been updated by me so keep conscious of that and commit/push then by the end of this task.
2. Panels: in the panels section, add a toggle to include or exclude H Scenes, and another toggle to only show H Scenes. They should of course logically interact with each other as the toggles do in the gallery for including/excluding chibis or only showing chibis. This new toggle in the panels section should always be disabled by default. The reason I am including H Scenes is because the story will have some legit reasons to give suggestive scenes, nothing too explicit, but highly suggestive, and it will be driven by the story's needs and lore, not just random H. You can add one placeholder of an H scene panel for testing, call it Darkness (its for Felix x Sherie).
3. Gallery: I have added a new folder in the backlog called "new sherie sofa pictures". I realised I somehow am not satisfied with just one version of the sherie/sofa image, but to avoid spamming these pictures in the gallery, just create 1 main image (that randomly loads some variation of the sofa) and once clicked inside of it, we will see many versions we can choose from. In general add this kind of rule in the future, if you notice that an image seems very similar to another image, just stack them together into one entry, as we used to have done before with versionings of the same image. If there is a more delicate pattern, create subdivision within the entry for version types: like for example with the new Sherie sofa images I added - we 5 pictures of Sherie sitting on the sofa, and then we have 10 versions of her doing the same but with playing cards in her hands. These 15 images in general still fit the same entry in the gallery, but inside the entry they should be subdivided into cards and non-cards variants.